App drawer updates (#139)
msupply-foundation/msupply_docs: content/docs/getting_started/tutorial.md

## Help!

If you get stuck at any time when using the site, click on the `Help` menu item.

![Docs](/docs/help/images/help_nav.png)

> The [Help](/docs/help/help) page allows you to reach out to us with any feedback or support requests. You can also access this User Guide from the Help page.

Reviewer: Could you swap this sentence around - just to prioritise that they read the docs before sending us a support request 😁 

```suggestion
Use the [Help](/docs/help/help) page to access the Open mSupply User Guide (where you are now!) The Help page is also where you can reach out to us with any feedback or support requests.
```

Reviewer 2: Opps, thought this was my PR 🤣

Author: Sweet that looks good!
